We are going to analyze the lane keeping resistance system,
and discuss how to do a situational analysis.
Remember that we want to anticipate what accidents
might occur and prevent those accidents from ever happening.
So we need to imagine hypothetical driving situations and
analyze what would happen if the vehicle malfunction in each situation.
Here is an example of a driving situation.
Driving in reverse on a country road with
normal driving conditions at high-speed and correct use of the system.
We could come up with hundreds or thousands of driving scenarios through brainstorming.
To help with the brainstorming process,
we can use predefined guide words to create a scenario.
A situation analysis can then be like a fill-in-the-blank exercises that goes like this.
Operational mode on operational scenario,
during environmental details with situational details and item usage system.
For example, backward driving on
a city road during fog with low speed and correctly used system.
We have provided guide words for you below.
When you think about item usage,
consider whether on not the driver is using the system as intended.
For example, a sedan is meant to drive in urban areas.
A misuse would be driving off road at high-speed.
Analyzing every possible driving scenario would not be possible.
So we want to be smart about how we choose our scenarios.
We need to take into account the item's purpose,
combined similar situations, and concentrate on
the most critical scenarios where the item could malfunction.
For the lane departure warning function that vibrates the steering wheel,
let's focus on highway driving in the rain.
We will use the guide words to define our situation.
Normal driving on a highway with
a wet slippery road at high-speed and correctly used system.
There may be other critical situations besides the one that we have identified.
But we will use this situation as an example throughout the rest of the lesson.
Now that we can identify driving situations,
we can start to think about how the vehicle could malfunction.